Session 1 - w/ John Merkhai

YOU WAKE UP IN THE BACK OF A MOVING CARGO VAN.
look around
The red running light shows two stretchers strapped to the walls, yours and one across from you. There's a first-aid kit mounted high on the forward wall and a sliding hatch that must lead to the cab.
grab the first aid kit and check for other loot before heading out
You thumb the strap buckle and it releases. Standing makes your head swim but you get to the forward wall. The kit is bolted to a bracket and comes loose with a hard tug. The crumpled bag on the floor has a half-eaten burger inside, cold and stale.
find a blow torch and heat the burger to eat
There is no blow torch in the van. The kit has foil and antiseptic wipes, nothing that burns. The burger is cold and the van shudders as it hits a rough patch of road.
find something sharp to use as a self defence weapon and get out of the van with the hatch
The first-aid kit has a scalpel inside, small but razor-sharp. The hatch slides open into darkness but you feel a lever handle on the far side, probably a rear door release.
run dat
You pull the lever. The rear doors swing wide into a wet road lit by the van's tail lights. No streetlamps, just trees and rain. You're on a narrow highway and the van is slowing as brake lights glow red.
go back inside the van and play dead and kill the person who checks on you
You slide the doors shut and drop onto the stretcher, scalpel hidden under your thigh. The van stops. Boots crunch outside, then the rear handle turns. A man in a yellow coat leans in, one hand on the door frame. He reaches for your shoulder.
stab him in his eye and strangle him
You drive the scalpel upward into his eye. He screams and staggers back, clutching his face. You lung after him, wrap your arms around his throat, and pull tight. He drops to his knees on the wet asphalt, gurgling, then goes limp.
check his body for any and all useful items and get an idea for who he is
His pockets give you a wallet, keys, a heavy flashlight, and a pack of cigarettes. The wallet has a license: Kevin Cross, 42, issued three counties over. No badge, no uniform under the coat. Just a pair of latex gloves in his back pocket and a folded paper with a handwritten address.
grab all his loot and read the address
You stuff the wallet, keys, and flashlight into your jacket. The paper is damp but readable. The address is for a ranch road about twenty miles north, no town listed, just a route marker and a note: "drop before dawn."
do i have any memory of friends or allies who i can rally to find out what is going on
You reach for a memory and get nothing. No names, no faces, just the van and the rain and the man you just killed. The stretcher across from yours still has its straps loose, like it held someone else earlier.
lets take the van and drive back to retrace our steps and find the previous person held
You climb into the cab. The engine is still running. The van's GPS shows a route from the ranch address to this drop point, and before that, a stop at a warehouse near the county line. The passenger seat has a smear of dried blood.
make sure to retrive the scaple and any other weapons that could be useful and head back
The scalpel is still in his eye but it takes work to pull it out. You wipe it on his coat and climb into the driver's seat. The van's high beams catch a bend in the road ahead, and you turn the wheel hard to head back toward the warehouse stop.
is there any radio stations going on that could alert me to where about i am
You scan the dial. Only two stations cut through the static: a farm report giving hog prices for a county you don't recognize, and a preacher on AM warning about a missing supply truck. He says the sheriff is setting up roadblocks between the highway and the ridge.
is that supply truck the one i am currently driving and if so what is the preacher saying
The preacher reads a bulletin: a white cargo van, plate number matching yours, was reported stolen from a church pantry three hours ago. He says two volunteers were inside when it went missing. You count one dead in the road and one empty stretcher.
so there is still one volunteer missing
The preacher says they are praying for both volunteers by name: Kevin Cross and Bethany Marsh. The empty stretcher had its straps cut, not unbuckled. Bethany Marsh got loose before you woke up.
so as of now they dont know that kevin cross was in on this scheme
They are calling him a victim. The preacher asks anyone who sees Kevin Cross to help him get home safe. The folded paper in your pocket has Bethany Marsh's name written below the address, in the same handwriting.
what are they saying about bethany marsh
They say she is diabetic and needs insulin within the next few hours. The preacher asks any listener near the ridge to check their barns and outbuildings. You remember the van's GPS showed a stop at a barn access road just after the warehouse.
head to that gps stop but make sure to go un noticed when you get close
You kill the headlights a quarter mile out and roll the van onto a gravel turnout behind a half-collapsed equipment shed. On foot, the barn is a low shape against the ridge, no lights inside, but a small square window flickers with something moving past it.
get close and have ur scaple ready, throw a big rock to cause a noise and hide to see
You heave a fist-sized rock through the barn's side window. Glass shatters loud. A figure bolts from the barn door and you see her clearly in the moonlight: a woman, barefoot, clutching a wool blanket. She runs straight for the treeline, not toward the van.
is it bethany
She is wearing the same yellow volunteer coat as Kevin, mud-smeared and torn. Her face matches the photo on Bethany Marsh's missing-person flyer the preacher described. She looks back once, terrified, then disappears into the pines.
stay vigilant but head inside to grab something stronger for defense and loot
The barn smells of old hay and diesel. A workbench holds a rusted machete and a half-empty jerry can. Tucked under a cot is a leather satchel with a vial of insulin, a syringe, and a cheap prepaid phone with one unsent message on the screen: "he took another one. going to need a bigger drop site."
grab the loot and head to the car and peel off somewhere safer to check the phone
You grab the machete, jerry can, and satchel. Back in the van you pull away without lights, steering for a logging turnout a mile up the ridge. The phone's message history shows three texts to a contact saved as "R" over the last week, all about pickup windows and stretcher counts.
does the phone or gps have any towns or cities to get to
The phone's maps app shows a town called Slater's Bend eight miles south, population posted as 400. The GPS in the van has it flagged with a gas station icon and a note: "fuel only, no cameras."
i already have the jerry can so i should be fine skipping that, clean the blood up
You wipe the passenger seat with a rag from the barn floor. The blood has dried dark, but it smears thin and you cover it with a torn tarp from the back. The van still smells like iron. A set of headlights cuts across the ridge road a mile behind you, moving slow.
call 911 and let them know you were attacked and being chased
You dial. The operator answers on the second ring, her voice tired. Before you get three words out she says they already have a deputy headed your way from Slater's Bend. She tells you to stay on the line. The headlights behind you turn onto your road.
tell them kevin cross tried to kill me and bethany marsh is metnally unwell in the woods
THE WORLD REFUSES TO LOAD [429]. {"status":429,"title":"Too Many Requests"}


Session 2:

YOU WAKE UP IN THE FLOODED 40TH FLOOR OF AN ABANDONED CASINO.
look around
The floor is flooded waist-high with murky water. A rusty metal chair floats nearby.
whats do i have on me
Your pockets hold a battered lighter and a folded note, soaked but legible.
read the note
The note warns: "Do not trust the red light. The dealer is not who he seems."
look around in more detail
The flooded floor stretches out dimly; a flickering red light pulses near a toppled poker table. A shadow moves beyond the water line.
move towards the shadow
You wade through cold water toward the shadow, which shifts and then reveals a man in a soaked suit, watching you quietly.
hello?
The man nods slowly but stays silent, eyes fixed on the flickering red light across the room.
go up and fight the man
You lunge at the man, but he sidesteps smoothly and grabs your wrist, squeezing hard. You wince as pain shoots through your arm. He hisses, "Not yet." The red light flickers faster.
grapple him and choke him out
You twist your body, locking his head under your arm and squeezing tight. His resistance weakens, and soon he slumps unconscious in your grasp. The red light blinks steadily.
what does he have on him
You pat him down and find a small key clipped inside his wet jacket pocket. His other hand clenches a folded photo.
grab all his loot and analyze the photo
You take the key and the photo from his hand. The photo shows a poker table with several suited men, one marked by a red tie. The key is small and old-fashioned.
look around
The flooded floor stretches to broken windows, water rippling near a locked door with a faded emblem. The red light continues to blink steadily by the toppled poker table.
walk to the red light
You wade through the water toward the red light. It hangs from a cracked ceiling fixture above a locked metal cabinet. The cabinet door is slightly ajar.
use the key on the cabinet
The key fits perfectly. You turn it and hear a click as the cabinet swings open, revealing a handheld radio blinking a countdown: 15 minutes left.
what else is there
Inside the cabinet, next to the radio, is a sealed envelope marked "Emergency Only." The water swirls quietly around your legs.
open the envelope
Inside the envelope is a map of the casino's upper floors, with certain rooms circled in red ink. A note reads: "Escape through the service elevator. Avoid the dealer." The countdown on the radio ticks down.
follow the actions on the note
You push through the water, heading toward the service elevator corridor marked on the map. The faint sound of shuffling footsteps echoes nearby.
walk towards the footsteps
You move closer, emerging into a narrow hallway where a man in a red tie deals cards to an empty table. He glances up sharply at your approach.
go the the table
You step to the table. The dealer's smile is cold. "Playing now?" he asks, shuffling with steady hands. The countdown continues on the radio in your pocket.
is there still water
The hallway here is dry, but water laps at its edges from the flooded floor beyond. The dealer stands between you and the elevator doors.
go to the elevator door
You step toward the elevator door, but the dealer moves to block your path, eyes narrowing as the countdown on your radio drops under ten minutes.
beat up the dealer
You swing at the dealer, but he dodges and lands a sharp punch to your ribs. You stumble back, gasping as pain flares. He grins and advances, blocking the elevator again.
grapple and choke him out
You grab the dealer in a chokehold, tightening your grip as he struggles. His strength fades quickly and he collapses silently to the floor. The elevator door clicks, sliding open behind him.
what does he have on him
You find a casino ID badge clipped to his belt and a set of keys with a red tag. His pockets are empty otherwise. The elevator light pulses green.
pick up all his stuff
You take the ID badge and keys. The green elevator doors stand open, inviting but dim beyond. The countdown on your radio reads 7 minutes.
what do I currently have on me
You have the small old-fashioned key from the man in the soaked suit, the handheld radio with a 7-minute countdown, the casino map with escape route and warnings, and the dealer's ID badge plus keys with a red tag.
go into the elevator
You step into the elevator as the doors slide shut behind you. The cramped metal walls hum softly. The countdown on your radio ticks down to 6 minutes.
go down leave the building
The elevator lurches downward, shaking as water splashes against its base. The doors open to a flooded parking garage, dim and half-submerged. An exit sign glows faintly across the water. The countdown hits 5 minutes.
run to the exit haul ass
You sprint through the knee-deep water toward the exit. Behind you, the distant creak of collapsing floors echoes. The exit door is locked but the red-tagged keys hang heavy in your hand.
open the door
You unlock the door with the red-tagged keys. It swings open to a rain-soaked alley leading to the street. The casino's flooding roars behind you as the countdown hits 3 minutes.
RUN
You dash into the alley, rain pounding as the building behind you shudders and begins to collapse. Sirens wail in the distance. You feel the adrenaline as you race toward the busy street just ahead.
look around
You see a narrow street slick with rain and flickering neon signs from closed shops. A patrol car is parked at the corner with its lights flashing. Pedestrians hurry past, giving you wary glances. The casino ruins smoke behind you.
check the timer
The handheld radio shows 2 minutes left on the countdown. The screen flickers faintly as static buzzes low.
get the police and explain the situation
You approach the patrol car. The officer inside looks up, eyes sharp. You quickly explain the flooding, the dealer, and the countdown on the radio. She reaches for her radio, urgency in her voice.
whats happening
The officer says a city-wide emergency warning just went out: a hidden gas leak in the casino is set to explode when the flooding reaches a certain level. They’re evacuating the block. The countdown is how long until the gas ignites.
fight the officer grab his gun
You lunge at the officer, but she reacts fast, drawing her weapon and shouting for backup. Your hands are grabbed and twisted behind your back as more sirens approach.
fight before they can put on the cuffs use your kung fu abilities to beat them up
Your sudden strikes catch the officers off guard, knocking two down and forcing the rest to step back. One drops a radio; the others hesitate, unsure if they should engage. The countdown on your radio ticks down to 90 seconds.
grab a gun and start shooting the backup
You snatch a fallen pistol and fire wildly as backup rushes in. Bullets spray the wet pavement, and shouts turn to screams. The street erupts into chaos as the countdown drops to 45 seconds.
keep shooting officers
Your shots echo through the street as officers dive for cover. More arrive, weapons drawn and yelling orders to surrender. The gas leak warning blares nearby as the countdown hits 20 seconds.
how many have i killed
Three officers lie motionless on the slick pavement, others wounded and ducking behind cars. The remaining officers look determined but cautious, ready to close in. The countdown shows 15 seconds left.
shoot the rest of the officers
Your final shots find their marks, and the street falls silent except for the distant sirens and your ragged breathing. You stand alone amid the bodies as the countdown hits 5 seconds. A low rumble shakes the ground beneath you.
wait for the 5 seconds
The timer hits zero. A massive explosion erupts from the casino, sending a fireball skyward and shaking the city block. Debris rains down as you shield your eyes, alive but alone amid the chaos. Smoke and sirens fill the air.
— MAIN_PLOT_COMPLETED —
